# 

Some good questions for ML interview 

https://www.reddit.com/r/computervision/comments/l6p3pp/cv_deep_learning_interview/

* Concepts in Machine Learning: Get all basics right. Prepare basic concepts in Linear Regression and Logistic Regression. I was interviewed about assumption of Linear Regression and programming the linear least square solution (normal equation) for Linear Regression. Similarly, be well prepared to get asked about basic concepts of AUC curve, Precision and Recall, Likelihood, SVM, Random Forest (you must know basic and common algorithms in detail)
* Concepts in Deep Learning: Prepare basic concepts taught about feed forward neural network - activation layers, vanishing gradient, exploding gradient, undefittting, overfitting, how to deal with either, bias terms. In one of interviews, I was asked to code a forward pass of simple MLP in numpy. In an another interview, I was asked to explain backpropagation (and derive the gradient terms) on whiteboard. Also, you mist know, gradient descent algorithm (variants) and other optimizers.
* Practical Questions: how would you choose loss function, training strategies, how to handle class imbalance, how to handle overfitting (regulalizatiob, how to accelerate training (optimizers), few schedulers (like cyclic and their effects), various hyperparametes (and their tuning), ML or DL case study (interviewer woukd be keen to understand the questions you ask about data, how to translate the business problem in mathematical or Machine Learning terminology, validation metric to benchmark performance, train-val split, algorithm and practical training strategies used and how it would serve customers in production)
* Basics of CNN : prepare basic concepts like convolution operation, pooling operation, sizes of filters (receptive field) and effects advantages and disadvantages of padding and stride (also the formula), parameter sharing in CNN, activation map, dropout layer and 'why do we do, what we do' of above concepts. Also, the interview would like to know about low level and high level features in a CNN, CNNs are invariant to spatial transformation (not rotational) and how CNNs are designed for 'parameter sharing' and 'hierarichal representation of visual data'.
* Architecture overview in Image Classification: learn only the intuitive behind AlexNet, Inception Networks, Resnet, Efficient Net (and others like Se-Nets, Resnext, transformers for image classification; do not need to delve very deep into a lot of state of the architecture that are published day-in and day-out). Study about how Resent changed paradign of deep learning in computer vision, what problem it solved and how it solved (residual layer)
* Architecture overview in Object Discussion: one-stage detectors (YOLO and RetinaNet) and two-stage detectors (evolution of Faster RCNN and Mask RCNN). You must know the intuition behind each of these algorithms and what was the novelty that the introduced that made them popular.
* Architecture overview in Semantic Segmentatio: Unet, Deeplap-v1, v2 and v3, effect of dilation, strides and receptive field of filters, different upsampling techniques techniques and their advantages and disadvantages.